README.md, before:


# Netflix-GPT

- Create react app
- Configure Tailwind css
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign up Form
- Form validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create Sign up user Account 
- Implement Sign In user API
- Created Redux store with userSlice 
- Implement Sign out
- Update Profile
- Bug Fix: Sign up user display name & profile picture update
- Bug Fix: If the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa 
- unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged call back
- Add hardcoded values to the constant file
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get data from TMDB now playing movies list API

 
=
# Features

- Login/Sign Up
- Sign In- Sign Up Form
- redirect to browse page
- Browse (after authentication)
- Header
- Main Movie
- Trailer in background
- Title & description
- MoviesSuggestions
- MovieLists * N
- NetflixGPT
- Search bar
- Movie Suggestion

# Structure of Netflix

- main container  
🌟Video Background
🌟Video Title

- secondary container
🌟movie list * n
🌟cards * n

Commit message:

TMDB API data Fetch && built MainContainer

README.md, after:


# Netflix-GPT

- Create react app
- Configure Tailwind css
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign up Form
- Form validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create Sign up user Account 
- Implement Sign In user API
- Created Redux store with userSlice 
- Implement Sign out
- Update Profile
- Bug Fix: Sign up user display name & profile picture update
- Bug Fix: If the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa 
- unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged call back
- Add hardcoded values to the constant file
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update store with movies data
- Planning for main container & secondary container
- Fetch data for Trailer Video
- Update store with Trailer video data 
- Embedded YouTube video and make it auto play & mute
- Tailwind classes to make main container look awesome

 
=
# Features

- Login/Sign Up
- Sign In- Sign Up Form
- redirect to browse page
- Browse (after authentication)
- Header
- Main Movie
- Trailer in background
- Title & description
- MoviesSuggestions
- MovieLists * N
- NetflixGPT
- Search bar
- Movie Suggestion

# Structure of Netflix

- main container  
🌟Video Background
🌟Video Title

- secondary container
🌟movie list * n
🌟cards * n
